`azurerm_windows_function_app`, `azurerm_linux_function_app` - fix `WEBSITE_RUN_FROM_PACKAGE` being removed from `app_setting` issue (#21952)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/linux_function_app.html.markdown

~> **NOTE:** `storage_key_vault_secret_id` used without a version will use the latest version of the secret, however, the service can take up to 24h to pick up a rotation of the latest version. See the [official docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/app-service-key-vault-references#rotation) for more information.

> * `website_run_from_package` - (Optional) Does the function App deployed from a package file? Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `website_run_from_package` - (Optional) Should the Linux Function App be deployed from a package file? Defaults to `false`.
```

* `zip_deploy_file` - (Optional) The local path and filename of the Zip packaged application to deploy to this Linux Function App.
			

> ~> **Note:** Using this value requires either `WEBSITE_RUN_FROM_PACKAGE=1` or `SCM_DO_BUILD_DURING_DEPLOYMENT=true` to be set on the App in `app_settings`. For Linux function app running in consumption plan, please set a URL that is the remote location of the specific package file you want to run for `WEBSITE_RUN_FROM_PACKAGE` in `app_setting`. Refer to the [Azure docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-deployment-technologies) for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** Using this value requires either `WEBSITE_RUN_FROM_PACKAGE=1` or `SCM_DO_BUILD_DURING_DEPLOYMENT=true` to be set on the App in `app_settings`, or the `website_run_from_package` property to be set to `true`. For Linux Function Apps running in a Consumption Service Plan, a URL pointing to the remote location of the package file to be run must be specified for  `WEBSITE_RUN_FROM_PACKAGE` in `app_setting`. Refer to the [Azure docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-deployment-technologies) for further details.
```
